// For more info visit https://faq.ftb.world/books/ftb-utilities/page/ranks

[player]
power: 1
default_player_rank: true
example.permission: true
example.other_permission: false
example.permission_with_value: 0
command.ftbbackups.backup.start: true
command.ftbutilities.killall: true
command.scoreboard: true
command.summon: true
command.ftbutilities.back: false
command.ftbutilities.back.back: false
command.ftbutilities.sethome: false
command.ftbutilities.back.home: false
command.ftbutilities.home: false
command.ftbutilities.tpa: false

[vip]
default_op_rank: true
power: 20
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&bVIP {name}&r>
example.other_permission: true
example.permission_with_value: 15
command.ftbutilities.tap: true
command.ftbutilities.back: true
command.ftbutilities.back.back: true

[admin]
power: 100
default_op_rank: true
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&2{name}&r>
example.permission_with_value: 100
